Questions I asked myself (using chatgpt) while writing the code for server.go

Error Handling (err != nil)
Purpose: Error handling in Go often uses the if err != nil pattern to check for and handle errors.
Meaning: If err is not nil, it indicates an error has occurred during the execution of a function.
Usage: It's a common practice to check for errors and handle them gracefully, such as by logging the error or returning an error response.

Buffer Usage (buf)
Purpose: Buffers, like buf, are used to efficiently read and process data from network connections or files.
Usage: A buffer allows reading data in chunks, reducing overhead compared to reading byte by byte.
Example: buf := make([]byte, 1024) creates a 1024-byte buffer for reading data.

Naming Conventions (CamelCase)
Go Naming: Go uses CamelCase for variable and function names, like portNumber or listener.
Defer Keyword
Purpose: The defer keyword is used to schedule a function call to be executed just before the surrounding function returns.

Surrounding Function: The surrounding function is where the defer statement is placed, and the deferred function runs before the function exits.
Code Explanation (Sample Program)
A sample Go program listens on a network port for incoming connections.
It uses defer to close the connection gracefully when finished.
It reads data from the client, processes it (responding with +OK\r\n), and continues reading until the client disconnects.

Buffer Overflow Handling
The provided program lacks built-in buffer overflow handling.
If incoming data exceeds the buffer size (1024 bytes), it may result in data truncation and potential issues.

Real-World Servers
Typical servers use buffers, but their design varies based on purpose, traffic, and requirements.
Buffers help manage data efficiently, and server design includes factors like concurrency and buffer management.
connection.Write([]byte("+OK\r\n"))
Writes the +OK\r\n string as a response to the network connection.
+OK often indicates a successful response in some text-based protocols.
\r\n represents a line break.
